https://seewitheyesclosed.com/feed/ blog people # Benjamin Hollon
https://benjaminhollon.com/musings/feed/ blog people # Benjamin Hollon
https://tty1.blog/feed/ blog people # Benjamin Hollon
https://theprodigalsbrother.com/feed/daily/ project literature # Benjamin Hollon
https://autistrhi.com/rss blog people # Autism and Expectations
https://forgejo.org/rss.xml blog tech org # Forgejo
https://signal.org/blog/rss.xml blog tech org # Signal
https://wilwheaton.net/feed/ blog people # Wil Wheaton
https://arpadblog.hu/feed/ blog people magyar # Árpádlog
https://powazek.com/feed blog people # Derek Powazek
https://lucumr.pocoo.org/feed.atom blog tech people # Armin Ronacher
https://chreke.com/feeds/all.atom.xml blog tech people # Christoffer Ekeroth
https://fieldnotes.resistant.tech/index.xml blog tech people # Sarah Jamie Lewis
https://kevquirk.com/feed.xml blog tech people # Kev Quirk (FOSStodon admin)
https://mikestone.me/feed blog tech people # Mike Stone (FOSStodon admin)
https://kiavc.wordpress.com/feed/ blog tech project devlog # KIAVC game engine
https://blog.zedas.fr/index.xml blog tech people # Garbage Collector - Seb
https://zoia.org/index.xml blog tech people # Roberto Zoia
https://cdn.jwz.org/blog/feed/ blog tech people # Jamie Zawinski
https://mrjefferson.com/feed blog tech people # Tim Jefferson
https://linuxgamer.hashnode.dev/rss.xml blog tech people # CJ
https://donmelton.com/rss.xml blog tech people # Don Melton
https://trechnex.com/feed blog tech people # TrechNex - Bobby Moss
https://joelchrono12.xyz/feed.xml blog tech people # Joel
https://mdhughes.tech/feed/ blog tech people # Mark Damon Hughes
https://garrit.xyz/rss.xml blog tech people # Garrit Franke
https://blog.codinghorror.com/rss/ blog tech people
https://mcfunley.com/feed.xml blog tech people # Dan McKinley
https://idlewords.com/index.xml blog people # Maciej Cegłowski
https://chrismorgan.info/feed.xml blog tech people # Chris Morgan
https://laughingmeme.org//feed.xml blog tech people # Kellan Elliott-McCrea
https://martinfowler.com/feed.atom blog tech people # Martin Fowler
https://d.moonfire.us/blog/atom.xml blog tech people # Dylan Moonfire
https://tomjoro.github.io/feed.xml blog tech people # Thomas O’Rourke
https://aj-foster.com/feed.xml blog tech people # AJ Foster
https://matt-rickard.com/rss/ blog tech people # Matt Rickard
